you know New York City has that bike
program I said it's gonna be trouble
bikes are gonna be stolen everybody
looks at me like I'm insane the program
didn't officially begin a bike was
already stolen how is that possible I
thought the bike can you take it but I
thought those things locked the bike in
place every bike rider I know has had
their bike stolen this is a bike it will
get stolen and by the way when people
start riding these bikes and a lot of
them is gonna be people a lot of these
people are gonna be people that never
ridden a bike you know what I mean never
or never in New York I don't think you
could just take a two-wheeler and just
go okay no I bet you can there's not
gonna be a test no I know but I don't
know you think that's how people are
learning many bikes out there like why
not it's this or one of those pedicabs
that are $3,000 for two blocks because
you didn't read the fine print
I got a desperation so they're gonna
take these bikes and start but let's say
they never rode around New York people
will die now how many people does it
take to die before this program isn't it
like let's say people die anyway people
will die right so people will die on a
city bike yes sure sure
is it worth it and you get into the word
questions is it for me that's dying
right cuz if it's not me that's doing I
think it's worth it he's definitely
saying these are bad people
Oh bad people dying city bikes food
right I mean it's sick to think about
but if it's under 10 people is it okay I
think speaking on behalf of the city if
it's over 20 in one year then you can
just call it New York I mean you have to
have a discussion right
you know I guess all right here's the
thing with people's are they're taking
these bikes right have you seen the
bikes have I do sexy no they are so
dopey looking like I know I looked at
them and I'm like I know a lot of people
won't use them so that they don't look
like dorks riding around on a Citibank
commercial and they're also and not just
that it's a commercial all the way on
the bike but it's also it doesn't look
like a normal bike but somebody whoever
stole this bike has to just be using it
for parts because if you're just rolling
around the city in that it's
I knew a guy he tell he puts his bike
away he beat bike riders take their
seats with them yeah and their bikes are
steel still stolen yeah I've told this
story before my brother Andrew was
riding his bike a lot for a long time I
don't remember if it was DC or New York
I think it was in New York he locked up
his bike he came back to his bike and
his seat was missing he happened to
catch the guy like running around the
corner or something like that
follows him now my older brother Andrew
not the toughest guy in the world he's
not I mean you know emotionally yes
physically you know yeah he's okay he's
he's not looking for a fight or anything
he I don't even know if he's ever really
been in a fight
he goes up to this guy and goes hey man
that's my seat that's that's my bike
seat and his bike seat at the time cost
him like 100 bucks or something crazy
like that and the guy gave him back his
seat because he was sort of like how you
described to be with your bully like
just be assertive and let the guy know
that you mean business he must have
looked so scared my brother's like five
seven five eight right you know they're
just taking a seat so come on these
bikes are gonna be picked apart they're
gonna be picked apart I wish there's
things like these you can you could put
stock in this this kind of thing
you know the main bets you call betting
okay but I wish there was like a place
like the Wall Street of yeah yeah yeah
because I'm telling you this program is
gonna be a mess
earn that job